# CnC_Remastered_Collection

Tiberian Dawn Cheat Mod that provides multiple cheat functionality:

1.  No damage mode (CTRL+ALT+N)
    - Turns off damage to player units
    - Sets infantry to uncrushable
    - Does a reset of health for all player buildings and units when enabled (for scenarios that start with damaged units or buildings)

2.  Unlock build options (CTRL+ALT+B)
    - Show all build options for the player's tech tree.

3.  Instant build (CTRL+ALT+I)
    - Reduces build time for player factories to zero.
    - Note that if the player does not have enough credits, it will build normally until there is enough credits to finish immediately.

4.  Instant superweapons (CTRL+ALT+P)
    - Reduce countdown timers for all superweapons to zero.

5.  Dismiss shroud (CTRL+ALT+H)
    - Shows the entire map

6.  Unlimited ammo for aircrafts (CTRL+ALT+U)
    - Orcas and Apaches no longer need reloading as long as the unit has some ammo remaining.
    - Unit will still return to helipad after destroying the target.
    - Does not affect A10s (otherwise, bombing runs would never end).

7.  Harvester load boost (CTRL+ALT+-/+)
    - Decrease (-) or increase (+) the total load by 50% of the normal load (700 credits).
    - Maximum is 1,500% of normal, minimum is 100% of normal.
    - Default value is 1,000% of normal (7,000 credits).

8.  Movement rate boost (CTRL+ALT+[/])
    - Decrease ([) or increase (]) the movement rate of units by 50%.
    - Maximum is 500% of normal, minimum is 50% of normal.
    - Default value is 100% of normal.
    - A10s are capped at 150% as higher values may make them to overshoot the target, and cause them to circle the map indefinitely.

9.  Tiberium growth boost (CTRL+ALT+,/.)
    - Decrease (,) or increase (.) the growth rate of Tiberium by 1x.
    - Maximum is 50x of normal, minimum is 1x of normal.
    - Default value is 1x of normal.

10. Credit boost (CTRL+ALT+M)
    - Increases credits owned by the player by 10,000.
    - Does not affect Tiberium storage.
    - Boosting will cap at 500,000 credits, but does not stop player from getting more credits afterwards.

11. Power boost (CTRL+ALT+O)
    - Increases power generated by the player by 200.
    - Boosting will cap at 50,000 units, but does not stop player from generating more power afterwards.


Finally, CTRL+ALT+/ will show the currently available cheats and their associated keystrokes.

This may be useful when new functionality is added to the mod.



Based on work done by:
    - Terra_Ex - https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2124470373
    - HC|Brainzzz - https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2122827579
    - Afevis Solmunko - https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=2123463940

GitHub: https://github.com/Revenent/CnC_Remastered_Collection/
